To create a new project:
-create a virtual env using cmd "python -m venv venv"
-install all the dependencies inside the venv environment example
pip install django
pip install djangorestframework

settings.py
-It consists of all the config info that Django requires wrt the application built

wsgi (Web Server Gateway Interface)
-This is the medium thru which the application communicates with server requests.
-It handles standard HTTP requests and responses from-to application.
-The wsgi server receives the request and passes it to app, the app processes the request
and sends the respnse back to the server, the server then sends the resp to the client(browser).
-It only handles sync process (One request at a time).

asgi (Async Server Gateway Interface)
- Also handles async process (Multiple req at a time)
- Rest all same as wsgi

python manage.py makemigrations
-creates an migration file to describe changes

python manage.py migrate
-does the actual changes like creating/updating table

In serializer many=True is used when there are list of objects which needs to be
serialized example:

[
    {
        "id": 1,
        "name": "John Doe",
        "email": "johndoe@example.com"
    },
    {
        "id": 2,
        "name": "Jane Doe",
        "email": "janedoe@example.com"
    }
]

When you have single object to serialize don't use many=True
e.g
    {
        "id": 1,
        "name": "John Doe",
        "email": "johndoe@example.com"
    }

In serializer partial=True is used when we want to accept partial data from user.

Why jwt?
1. To check only authorized user(user who is logged in) is making the API call.
Process:
1.Whenever a user logs in successfully, a token is created for that user.
2.The user(Or UI) stores that token to make subsequent API calls.
3.By this, the backend confirms that the user who was logged in with correct creds is only making the API calls.

Can be compromised?
1. If secret key is shared.
2. If direct whole token is shared

The token generated by the jwt has 3 parts

1.Header
2.Payload
3.Signature

"eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJ1c2VyX2lkIjo0OTI3LCJjcmVhdGVkX2F0IjoiMjAyNS0wMi0yM1QxNzozMjoyOC4zMDI3MjgifQ.zvT6a4wlo9mtPRpK6BrU2yrPqKETMQ4oN3x40icDeqg
"
Each payload is one-one assoc with signature
So If Someone has a base64(not encoded) payload and not signature, they can see the payload
But cannot modify it to create a token for another payload, because even if another token is created
with other payload, the signature will be different and back end will catch that saying
"Signature not match for the payload"(because that payload was assoc with other secret key which is not known)


Create django project = django-admin startproject myproject
Create django app = python manage.py startapp myapp
add the myapp in the settings.py of myproject
create an urls.py file in your myapp
include(direct) the urls.py of your myproject to the myapp
migrate the models = python manage.py migrate

Plan:

1) Each user have multiple accs. (Done)
2) Once user logins, they get jwt token, after which they will make API calls with token. (Done)
3) The jwt token will validate, whether the request is coming from authorized user (Done)
(By checking whether the user_id in jwt token matches the user_id in query params)
4) Once usr is authorized, they can upload their summary file info to get financial info (In Progress)
4a) The API endpoint should validate the user_id passed in request. (Done)
4b) The API endpoint should validate the account_id and other personal info passed in file wrt user id (Done)
4c) The API will also accept set of questions in request in array format
4d) Once validated, the user info such as loan,emi,income should be retrieved and sent to OpenAI (User_info + set of questions) to retrieve ans.
4e) Answers should be formatted in appropriate format, and response should be returned to user

example:

What is my estimated cibil score: 700
credit card utilization ratio: 38 %
My total more years in debt: 3 years
Debt to Income ratio: 44 %
More maximum loan which can be approved range: 3L-15L
Risk Flags (If any): EMI burden above 30% , High single debit amount
Any more suggestions: Reduce credit utilization to <30% of card limit, Consider closing smaller loans faster.

NOTE: This is user critical PII info, should not be stored anywhere in db or something. Just for processing only.
